Setup travis build to publish tags to NPM (#12)
cerner/cucumber-forge-report-generator: README.md

Artifacts can be downloaded from the [latest release](https://github.com/cerner/cucumber-forge-report-generator/releases).

> This library can be added as an [NPM dependency](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cucumber-forge-report-generator) via `npm install cucumber-forge-report-generator`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library can be added as an [NPM dependency](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cucumber-forge-report-generator) via `npm i -S cucumber-forge-report-generator`
```
